Add jackalope.jackrabbit_version parameter to the documentation (#866)
symfony-cmf/symfony-cmf-docs: bundles/phpcr_odm/configuration.rst

Send the ``Expect: 100-continue`` header on larger PUT and POST requests.
Disabled by default to avoid issues with proxies and load balancers.

``jackalope.jackrabbit_version``
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

**type**: ``string``, **default**: ``null``

> Set the version of the jackrabbit server to allow the client to offer better functionality if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 1.4.2

    This configuration has been added in jackalope-jackrabbit version 1.4.2.

Set the version of the Jackrabbit server to allow the client to offer better functionality if possible.
```

> For example, UTF8 support is enabled for versions higher or equal to 2.18.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, full UTF8 support including emojis in node and property names is possible when the Jackrabbit version is 2.18.0 or better.
```
